this is a new 2011 Montana Mountaineer
3:46 lbq it's Montana's newest bunkhouse
pistol
this thing has four slide outs we've got
power front jacks power awning power
rear Jack's aluminum wheels two entry
doors a bath and a half it's got an
outside kitchen here with a little sink
and two burner stove you've got the rear
ladder cover plate over top of the steel
bumper
little extra storage under the sofa on
the back slide here
have a ten gallon gas electric water
heater this has the drop basement
storage they call it a Z frame so you
get a lot taller storage compartment
also have our docking station here which
has the dump valves low point water
drains you've got the battery disconnect
city water hookup black tank flush
winterizing outside shower light out
here but everything you can feed all the
cords right up through that little tube
down there basically lock everything up
so nobody can mess with your stuff while
you're camping and it is all aluminum
frame fiberglass exterior foam block
wall insulation
got fiberglass roof and floor insulation
the walls rr9 the roof is r14 and the
floors are fourteen that's just the
insulation factors not counting any
materials that they use to build it
other than the insulation so if you
really wanted to classify it you
probably could a little bit higher
take y'all inside here large grab handle
to make getting in and out a lot easier
we have the hide-a-bed sofa which is a
basically an air bed queen sized air bed
as storage in the bottom of it also got
the upgraded de nightshades
got a booth dinette nice size super slot
here in the living room area
you shape Island kitchen so you got tons
of counter space eight cubic foot
refrigerator 21 inch oven with stove top
burner and you've got the microwave also
got nice big drawers here and these
drawers are actually fully extending
ball bearing drawer guides so you get
nice depth and you'll notice too they
actually have a little lock on them to
wear a lot of brands save a buck and
don't leave that on their solid surface
countertops nice size sinks high rise
faucet propane leak detector down there
pulling back into the next room here we
have a bunk this top bunk actually flips
up bottom bunk is a sofa and that flips
down jackknife sofa then you've got a
ladder which will take you on up into
the loft area we've got a little
flat-screen television nice sized
cabinets and stuff here as well - kids
got plenty of storage space back here a
little peek up into the loft area up
there got a nice window up top there
little extra headed light and behind
this door here we have a half bath for
the kids so they don't have to come up
into mom and dad's room and mess around
get a nice medicine cabinet nice
lighting sink some cabinets down below
porcelain toilet and a door from the
outside so they don't have to track
through the coach to go to the bathroom
they can just walk straight in from
outside wall switches are located
throughout the camper as well - so
littler kids can reach them they don't
have to try and reach the ceiling like
some other brands do
thirty-two inch flat-screen TV and
you've got the DVD am/fm/cd stereo
system as well - indoor outdoor speakers
fire extinguisher then you've got a
ceiling fan up above air-conditioning
unit we also have a fantastic fan up top
here to wall switch for the fantastic
fan wall switch for the slide outs and
ceiling fan air conditioner on this door
here we have an enclosed bathroom nice
corner shower little place to hang your
towels or whatnot
you've got porcelain foot flush toilet
here also a nice-sized sink a medicine
cabinet towel holder ground-fault
electric breaker another wall switch and
up above we have a little vent and an
air conditioning vent also have heat in
this bathroom too which should be
surprised how many units don't have heat
in their bathroom and we have some more
cabinets here for wash claws or towels
or whatever you want to put inside down
here
and we have a nice size dresser here
again ball bearing drawer guides fully
extending 19 inch flat screen TV that TV
also comes off and goes into the
basement so you can watch TV outside and
here we have a queen-size bed this bed
does raise up and give you a little bit
of storage below the bed as well we've
got a nice-sized closet here electric
outlet in the bottom of the closet as
well case you need to plug something in
in there and in this big closet here the
drawers actually remove and you can put
a washer/dryer combination in there if
you'd like it is prepped out for
washer/dryer some people choose to put
an ice maker or something in there as
well too since you've already got water
and electric there for something like
that
well this was a quick little tour of the
346 lbq at couches campers stop on out
and see us if you have any questions or
would like to take a look at the coach
we'd greatly appreciate it thank you for
your time